This is a placeholder block of text to test dynamic positioning around images.  In order to get this to work, in seen to say a lot.  Blah blah blah!  Talking! I like to talk!  Well, I like to talk to interesting people.  Once I met someone that claimed they had a relative that was able to levitate.  And they were very serious about it - they really did believe this was true.  I didn't have the heart to point out how silly it was. Another time I spoke to a relative who worked in nuclear decommissioning.  Or, well, I think it was a relative... It was a wedding and I see these people so infrequently, I don't actually know how I was related to this guy.  Married to one of my cousins perhaps?  I don't know.  Anyway, he works in nuclear decommissioning, and he told me how sometimes when these power plants get shut down people are off with little souvenirs.  Like not radioactive stuff, things like dials or lamps.  I told him that once I bought a lamp from a charity ship in Thurso that had come out of the power planet up there and he was quite impressed.  Then we went into a different room and I didn't see him again all evening.  He looked like Tony Blair in a funny way. Big teeth.  Everyone from London has big teeth - it's the one stereotype that Americans have about British people that actually seems to hold true.  Some kind of micro-ethnicity where people down there just have horse teeth.  One time when I was in Thurso I found a fossil under this really dangerous overhanging rock.  I clambered on hand and knee to grab this thing - a big slap about a foot across and half a foot tall, with this astonishingly little piece of fish skull on its surface.  SO detailed that you could still see its little sensory pits and eye sockets.  I think, off the top of my head, it is a part of a Milleri Gyrotychus or something like that.  All the fish species up there are named after that one guy, Miller.  Theres a statue of him in the museum, holding a little fossil.  Its cute.  Hey you think this is enough words yet?  